Up-level readme changes (#17)
dolbyio-samples/comms-app-react-events: README.md

# Dolby.io Live Events React App

## Overview

This project demonstrates what an events experience is like, built using React.

<p align="center">
    <img src="./events/documentation/banner.jpg" />
</p>

| Intended use   | Features                                | Tech stack            |
| -------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| Live Events    | create, start, stream and stop an event | Typescript/Javascript |
| Webinars       | A/V controls for hosts and viewers      | HTML/CSS              |
| Virtual events | Mute camera and microphone              | React                 |

> |                | Screen share                            |                       |

Reviewer: We can also include multi-screen share capability.

|                | Invite co-hosts and viewers             |                       |
|                | Event Recording                         |                       |
|                | Participant List                        |                       |
|                | Chat with other participants*           |                       |
|                | Promote a viewer to co-host*            |                       |

> * Requires a PubNub account to work on these features.

## Requirements and supported platforms

The app currently supports

* Chrome 100+
* Edge 100+
* Safari 111+

> * Firefox 16.3+

Reviewer: Safari and Firefox versions are incorrect

# Dolby.io Live Events React App

## Overview

> This project dem
> onstrates what an events experience is like, built using React.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project demonstrates what an events experience is like, built using React.
```

| Webinars       | A/V controls for hosts and viewers      | HTML/CSS              |
| Virtual events | Mute camera and microphone              | React                 |
|                | Screen share                            |                       |
|                | Invite co-hosts and viewers             |                       |
|                | Event Recording                         |                       |
|                | Participant List                        |                       |
|                | Chat with other participants*           |                       |
|                | Promote a viewer to co-host*            |                       |

> * Requires a PubNub account to work on these features.

## Requirements and supported platforms

The app currently supports

* Chrome 100+
* Edge 100+
* Safari 111+
* Firefox 16.3+

## Run the demo directly

You can deploy the Dolby.io Virtual Events app without needing to clone and build the app using the Deploy to Netlify button. You will need:

* A Netlify account to which you're logged into
* Your Dolby.io App key and secret

> * [Optional] Publisher and Subcriber tokens for PubNub. This is only needed if you would like to experience chat and promoting viewers to host.

Reviewer 2: I think they also need the secret key too?
